Clarify Linear Garage Door integration, notify of new integration coming soon (#34402)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/linear_garage_door.markdown

The Linear integration lets you control Linear garage doors through Home Assistant. Device names in Home Assistant are generated based on the names defined in your Linear mobile app.

> {% tip %}
> This integration is for garage doors connected to the cloud by Wi-Fi using the Linear mobile app.
> {% endtip %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

This integration is for garage doors connected to the cloud by Wi-Fi using the Linear mobile app.
```

{% warning %}

> Nice North America has begun informing users of the new Nice G.O. app, and dropping support for the Linear app in the coming weeks. Support for the new app will be added in 2024.9.0 as a new integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nice North America has begun informing users of the new Nice G.O. app, and dropping support for the Linear app in the coming weeks. Support for the new app will be added as a new integration.
```

Migrating now will cut off access to the old app and the integration will cease functioning for you.

> See [here](https://na.niceforyou.com/features/nice-go-app/#migration) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [Nice G.O. migration documentation](https://na.niceforyou.com/features/nice-go-app/#migration) for more info.
```
